This project is a portfolio website for Kelilah Wolkowicz. She will have 5 webpages talking about herself, her courses, projects, publications and team. We plan to implement the ability for users to create accounts and sign in where they can then leave comments on the publications. These publications will be pulled automatically from Google Scholar using an API.

The CRUD system allows authenticated users to post comments on publications. The comments are fetched for each publication to be read. The user who posted the comment and the admin account are allowed to delete comments. The database is updated when users post and when new publications are pulled from the OpenAlex API. OAuth was used for authentication to allow for easy access to account creation and log in. This is especially useful for a website prioritized as a professional website, allowing users the option to log in easily if they want, but without it being necessary for most use cases. 

The API OpenAlex is used to pull publications. This allows for consistently up to date information on the publications page. On a failure to grab information from the database or API, the publications page will still load as normal, however it will simply not display the cards which would contain the publication data. 

Forms are native to HTML rather than being third party. They use the "required" attribute to ensure empty submissions are not processed. There is also a max length of 1000 characters set up to allow proper insertion into the database and trimming whitespaces to sanitize. JWT tokens are also required for all write operations.
